Fix a typo (#1082)
wandb/docs: content/guides/integrations/sagemaker.md

You can also read the [tutorial](https://wandb.ai/authors/sagemaker/reports/Deploy-Sentiment-Analyzer-Using-SageMaker-and-W-B--VmlldzoxODA1ODE) on deploying a sentiment analyzer using SageMaker and W&B.

{{% alert color="secondary" %}}

> The W&B sweep agent will only behave as expected in a SageMaker job if your SageMaker integration is turned off. You can turn off the SageMaker integration in your runs by modifying your invocation of `wandb.init` as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The W&B sweep agent behaves as expected in a SageMaker job only if your SageMaker integration is turned off. Turn off the SageMaker integration by modifying your invocation of `wandb.init`:
```
